"June 24, 2024"       "Floor 48: Lindas"
That'll do it.
Thanks, Liz!
You're welcome.
Aren't you going hunting
with the guild today?
I took the day off.
I'm meeting someone, you see.
So that's it.
Wh-What?
I have to go!
You've found something
important to you, haven't you?
Did you say something?
Nope, nothing at all.
Just make sure it works out, okay?
It isn't like that!
Anyway, see you.
I wonder if I'll ever
find something too?
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"The Temperature of the Heart"
So-so, I guess...
Dealing with customers is
part of my job, too.
Okay!
Welcome to Lisbeth's Smith Shop!
U-Uh...
I'd like to order a
custom-made weapon.
Does he have enough money?
At the moment,
metal prices are high.
Don't worry about the cost.
I just want the best sword
you can make right now.
That's somewhat vague.
You'll have to give me an idea
of your target quality level.
Oh, I see.
Then something of the same
quality as this or better?
An Elucidator...
It's a beast of a magic sword
obtainable from monster drops.
Can you make one?
How about this one?
It's the best I've ever forged.
My masterpiece!
It's a little light...
Well, I did use a speed-type
metal to forge it.
Would you mind if I tested it?
Test it?
You know, its durability.
H-Hey!
Your sword will break
in two if you do that!
If that happens,
it'll just be... too bad!
Irreparable...
What were you thinking?
Sorry!
I never thought that yours
would be the one to break...
Is that your way of saying that my
sword was lamer than you expected?
Yeah, I guess.
Just so we're clear,
if I had the materials,
I could make tons of swords that
would snap yours like a twig!
I'd really love to order one.
Something that could snap
this one like a twig!
I-If you're gonna be like that, then you'll
have to help me every step of the way!
Every step of the way?
Right, starting with
obtaining the metal.
I'll be just fine on my own.
I'd rather not have you
slowing me down.
Don't you insult me.
Believe it or not,
I'm an expert mace user.
Then where do we find the metal?
On floor 55, there's supposedly a dragon
that eats crystals on the Western Mountain.
According to the rumor, it stores
rare metal inside its body.
Floor 55, huh?
--I should probably go--
--Furthermore, to get the metal,
you need a master smith with you.
Still want to go alone?
Just keep quiet and
stay out of the way.
Hey!
My name's Kirito.
Until we make that sword,
I guess we'll be partying up.
Okay, Kirito!
You're being rather curt...
Well, whatever.
Lisbeth.
"Floor 55: Western Mountain"
It's cold...
Don't you have any extra clothing?
I didn't know floor 55
was an ice and snow zone!
Are you going to be
okay without this?
I've had more training than you.
You really know how to
piss me off every time!
It's warm.
I can't believe I'm out here
all alone with this guy.
Things are certainly getting weird...
What's wrong, Lisbeth?
Giving up already?
I'm still going strong!
And if you're going to be so familiar
anyway, just call me Liz.
Right, right... Got it, Liz.
Don't get carried away!
It's beautiful!
What are you doing?
Get your teleport crystal ready.
I know.
Also, I'm going to handle
this part alone.
Once the dragon appears,
hide behind one of those
crystals over there.
Don't come out, no matter what.
Oh, come on!
I'm no newbie either, you know!
So I'll help you--
No!
Good.
All right. Let's get going.
Hide yourself there!
It's a breath attack! Dodge!
Wow...
All with that thin weapon?
Who in the world is he?
Come on, finish him off already!
You idiot!
Don't come out yet!
What's the big deal?
It's over now--
Liz!
No!
Liz, hang on!
So you're alive...
Yeah, I'm alive.
Drink one of these, just in case.
Okay.
Um, thank you for saving me.
It's a little too early
to thank me.
How are we gonna
get out of here?
Huh? We can just
teleport, right?
Teleport: Lindas!
No way...
If we can't use crystals, that means
there should be another way.
We don't know that.
This could be a trap meant to kill
people with 100% certainty!
I see... That's a good point.
Listen, you...
At least try to cheer me up!
I have one idea.
Really?
Yeah, to run up the wall.
Are you stupid?
Why don't we find out
if I'm stupid or not?
Unbelievable...
If I had a little more room to get
a running start, I would've made it.
Yeah, in your dreams.
What a strange feeling.
This would never happen in real life.
Sleeping next to someone
I just met for the first time
in a place I've never been before.
Not only that, but you started
running up the wall!
You really are a weirdo.
Well, excuse me.
Hey, Kirito...
Can I ask you something?
You're being so formal. What is it?
Back then, why did you save me?
Because I'd much rather
die with someone
than let that person die
before my eyes.
Even more so if she's
a girl like you, Liz.
You really are an idiot.
No one else would think that way.
Hey...
Hold my hand?
Okay.
It's warm.
Even though you and I are
both data in a virtual world...
Liz...
Huh?
What are you doing?
Look at this.
"Crystallite Ingot"
Wait... Could this be...
Yeah, it must be the metal we came to get.
The dragon nibbles on the crystals,
producing this in its stomach.
No wonder no one
can ever find any!
You did it.
But what's it doing here?
This hole isn't a trap.
It's the dragon's nest.
In other words, that ingot is
the dragon's excrement.
It's poop.
Anyway, this means that
we've achieved our goal.
All that's left is...
Hey... You said this is
the dragon's nest, right?
Yeah.
If I recall, dragons are nocturnal,
which means it won't be long before...
It's here!
H-Hey!
What?
Liz, hang on tight!
We're outside!
Amazing!
Kirito!
You know what?
What?
I...
I like you, Kirito!
What?
I can't hear you!
It's nothing!
"June 25, 2024"       "Floor 48: Lindas"
You want a one-handed long sword, right?
Right. I'm counting on you.
The warmth of Kirito's hands...
The way I feel.
It's not an illusion.
Once I've forged a sword
I can be satisfied with,
I'm going to tell
him how I feel.
Its name is Dark Repulsor.
If I've never heard of it,
then it isn't in the information
brokers' directory.
Try it.
Yeah.
H-How does it feel?
Heavy...
It's a good sword.
All right!
It feels like your soul
has been forged into it.
Now then...
The job's complete.
I'll pay you for the sword.
How much?
Um, well...
I don't need any money.
In exchange...
I want to be your
exclusive smith, Kirito.
What does that mean?
Liz?
Wh-When you return from the field,
stop by and let me do
maintenance on your gear.
Every day, from now on!
Liz?
Kirito, I...
I...
Liz! I was really worried!
A-Asuna?
Liz!
My message bounced back and
I couldn't track you on the map...
Where were you last night?
Sorry, I kind of got
stuck in a dungeon.
A dungeon?
Did you go alone?
No, with him.
K-Kirito?
Hey, A-Asuna...
It's been a while.
Or maybe it hasn't.
Two days?
What a surprise!
I see, so you dropped
by right away.
If you'd told me,
I would've come with you.
Do you know each other,
by any chance?
Yeah, we're both on
the Assault Team.
He wanted a powerful sword,
so I referred him to your shop.
I see.
You didn't do anything weird
to my friend, did you?
O-Of course I didn't!
The way you just stuttered
is suspicious...
I almost got killed back there.
You could show a little compassion!
That's why I've told you so
often not to fight solo.
I see.
So that's it...
Did this guy say anything
rude to you, Liz?
Liz?
Rude? Are you kidding?
The first thing he did was snap
my best sword in half!
I-I'm sorry...
There's no reason for you
to apologize, Asuna.
Hey, he's weird, but
he's not a bad guy.
I'll be cheering you on.
So do your best, Asuna.
I told you it's not like that!
Liz?
Sorry, but I have to go
pick up some supplies.
I'll be right back.
What about the shop?
You two, hold down the fort!
I'm counting on you!
Wait, Liz!
Lisbeth...
You shouldn't have come here now.
Just a little longer...
...and I would've gone back to
my usual cheerful self...
Liz...
How'd you know I was here?
I scanned the whole town
for you from up there.
You always do the craziest things.
Sorry... I'm fine.
I'm not used to adventures,
so I think it just shook me up inside...
So...
Forget everything I said.
I want to thank you.
I've always...
...always thought it would be better
to die than to survive alone...
I've honestly always believed that.
Kirito?
But when we fell in that hole,
I was glad that
we both made it.
I realized that everyone is striving
to stay alive. Myself included.
So thank you, Liz.
Same here...
I was always looking
for something too!
Something real in this world...
For me,
the warmth of your hand...
that was real.
Tell Asuna what you just told me.
Liz...
I'm fine!
This warmth will still
linger for a while.
So... please...
End this world, Kirito.
Until then, I'm sure
that I can hang on!
I promise.
I'll clear this game,
no matter what.
If you need your weapons
or equipment repaired,
come by anytime.
Sure.
Please continue to support
Lisbeth's Smith Shop!
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "The Sword Dance
of Black and White."